= Sinatra::Initializers

A Sinatra Extension that sets up rails like initializers

== Installation

  $  gem install sinatra-initializers

== Dependencies

This Gem depends upon the following:

=== Runtime:

* sinatra ( >= 1.0 )


=== Development & Tests:

* bundle install
* Execute rake or rspec

== Getting Started

To view the settings in your app, just require and register the extension 
in your sub-classed Sinatra app:
  
  require 'sinatra-initializers'
  
  class YourApp < Sinatra::Base
    
    register Sinatra::Initializers
    
  end


In your "classic" Sinatra app, you just require the extension like this:

  require 'rubygems'
  require 'sinatra'
  require 'sinatra-initializers'
  

== Configuration Options

The configuration directory may be defined by setting
the "config_directory" app variable.  Unless it is setup
it will default to "config/initializers"

Add initializer scripts in config/initializers.  Naming
follows a strict pattern of number then name for order priority

  00-first_initializer.rb
  01-second_initializer.rb


== More detail needed?

Contact me via email!


== Errors / Bugs

If something is not behaving intuitively, it is a bug, and should be reported.
Report it here: http://github.com/chadwpry/sinatra-initializers/issues 


== TODOs

* TBD


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  * (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Chad W Pry. Released under the MIT License.

See LICENSE for details.
